The history of planning in Fort Worth. March 15th,
interviewer Lance Freeman interviewing Emil R.
Montsevice, senior planner in urban design, the
planning department, the city of Fort Worth.
Okay, Mr. Montsevice, I wondered if you could
please give us a brief biographical sketch of your
life in planning, especially, and how you got to
where you are right now. Okay, I graduated from
Texas A&M with a And bachelors
of architecture degree in 1966.
Went to City Council town for three years. And got
back out and went back and did a master's in turbine
and regional planning in 1970. Graduated back in
1971. Came to work for the city of Fort Worth in 71.
Worked for two years for the city of Fort Worth as an
associate planner. And
then I went to work for the city of El Paso as a senior
planner for up until 1981. Then I came back as a
senior planner to work for the city of Fort Worth.
And that's where I am now, involved with design,
urban design, and also company planning. I have a
staff of about six
planners that are responsible
for, you know, comprehensive plans for the city,
responsible for reviewing the flats, zoning
cases, and I also work with another section of the
planning department in terms of implementing
urban design projects in areas where we may have
federal funds to develop those type of projects to
help the community. Generally, that's where I am
at this point. OK. Going back all the way to the
history, when was the first legislative
authorization of a comprehensive plan in your
community? I was looking at some of the history. It
was part of the Bartholomew plan that was done in
1927.
generally probably would be to take. There was a
Keshav plan done prior to that in 1909, but that was
more of a part-time rather than a comprehensive
plan. Do you see any effects today from that
Bartholomew plan? I could not. Do you? OK. Is
there, number three, is there any systematic
periodic review of your city's comprehensive
plan? Yes, we generally, we did comprehensive
planning,
we did what we call a major comprehensive plan back
in the early 70s, and it was undertaken by
developing a number of sectors within the
communities, generally about 11 sectors. What we
did, we We sent out flyers and got people
interested
in coming to talk about their city and the plans for
the future growth and development of the
community and set up a committee and that
particular committee had their own members and
they worked with us. We developed base
information, developed a plan, went out and
talked to them about it, show them what the effects
were and so forth and worked on it. generally
on probably on a biweekly basis having meetings by
doing the analysis and bringing that
information, showing what it meant, and going
back to them, coming up with a plan, working with
them. So that was the way it was set up. And again,
about two years ago, 1981, again we went through
the same process of doing that and used the same
type of system setting up a sector planning
process
and working with the citizens, trying to solicit
people of different concerns such as homeowners,
developers, economists. And try to have really
everybody's input into this process and trying to
have a basis for a plan. So you had a different plan
for each sector. Right. And then you combined all
of those. Right. That is our comprehensive plan.
OK. Presently, when Bob, I don't know, do you want
to get into the present right now? Yes, why not?
Presently, we're involved in the center. We've
just finished that process. It's what we call a
sector process. But we're also getting involved
in what we call district planning. That's the
outlined areas that are sort of where most of the
new development is going on. And we're hoping to
develop a plan for that area. But that will
probably not entail so much input from citizen
participation because, again, in those areas,
there's really but not that
much population. So what we're really looking at
is what development has occurred and what has
caused that development. And we're trying to more
or less look in an area in terms of what man-made and
natural elements to tell you what a piece of
property can be utilized for and trying to come up
with different alternatives for different
pieces of property. You might have, for example,
an area that could have a commercial use or it could
have an industrial
use. ETJ, extraterritorial jurisdiction, but it
also includes parts of the community that are in
the city is a combination of both. But what we're
trying to do is be more realistic in terms of the
market out there to try to say what really what land
can be used for and then develop these different
what we call scenarios or alternatives. So one
particular scenario begins in that area then that
should end up being a plan for that particular area
and it'll sort of change everything else you know
what i'm saying in other words okay rather than
being adamant and saying well we're going to make
this you know typically all plans have always
shown everything single family you know just
about but what we're really looking at is from the
site planning board is what would really work and
what would be the highest and best Okay.
Have you been using any computer models in
developing these plants? Not necessarily these
plants, but we have used the computer model in the
study that we did for the Southwest Corridor,
analysis of the southwest freeway, in other
words, where it should go and why it should go that
way. Okay, so mostly transportation. Yeah, what
kind of problems would we encounter on all our
other major arterial systems.
Has your community's comprehensive plan ever
been revised? And if so, how does this revision
take place? Okay. What we're trying to start out
now is to revise our plan, what we call ongoing
planning. Once a major new development comes into
an area that has changed the plan completely, we go
back and look and reanalyze. And we're trying to do
this on a continuing basis rather than, say, every
10 years. Rather than be static. to
continue to be in motion in terms of changing with
the times. And that's the way we're approaching
it. So even the plans that we had done in the last two
years, we've come back and looked at some other
areas and made changes to the original plan that we
did simply to keep up with what's going on. OK. And
most, well I won't say most, but many of these
changes are really initiated by, again,
development in the community, the market, what's
happening in the private sector, you know, that
causes this type of thing. I'll take one of the
biggest things to point out here for instance that
the final decision to go with the Southwest
Freeway alignment has caused some major changes
in that area in terms of land use and the proposed
zoning and land use. for the plants that were there
previously. So we've really made a major change in
all that area. Okay. Down to question number
seven. What administrative procedures and
planning program elements does your community
have for implementing community plans? That's
probably no different than any other community in
that you've got a zoning commission and a planning
commission. We received a class and some cases
that come through the system here and we revise and
review those and look at it in terms of the
comprehensive plan that we have developed and
make a judgment in terms of, you know, is this good
or bad for the plan or what are some of the problems
with it or what are the good things about it. We also
have another section which is more
implementation section of the planning
department that is involved
with the federal programs, which get more
planning on the neighborhood level, I would say.
And we're looking at the comprehensive plan that
we've done for those areas. Their work is a little
more detailed in this aspect. And what we try to do
is when we get zoning cases or thoughts We look at it
in terms of what are those detailed plans for those
areas and does it fit,
you know, the overall plan for that community. In
other words, is it going against what the basic
goals of the area are in terms of the development
for the area? Is it going to be positive or
negative? We use that many times. In zoning cases
where we want to make a point where we see there
might be a detriment to the area if there's an
intrusion of commercial or industrial
into a residential area. Okay, good. Our
department is basically related directly to who
worked for the zoning commission and also the city
of Fort Worth had a zoning commission and a
planning commission. They're two different
commissions. Generally in Texas you have one with
P and Z, but for some reason Fort Worth wanted to be a
little bit... We work directly for
those two commissions.
We make reviews of zoning cases and those staff
reports go to the zoning commission and we make a
general discussion about the case for the
positive and negative aspects of the zoning
request. We do. work
on
being
directed for the Planning Commission and that we
review all the clats and make a judgment in terms of
what we think might be some of the problems with the
clats and what changes we need to take. We look at it
in terms of how those clats fit in with our National
Territory Plan and that information is given over
to the Planning Commission. Who makes up these
commissions? Are they the citizens? The
commissions
are appointed by city council members. Generally
what we have, and this was instituted probably
about a year ago, where each particular board
would have nine members. So each councilman and
each mayor would have one vote to appoint somebody
on these boards. It seems to be people
representation for the community. Is there a city
manager in Fort Worth? Yes,
there's a city manager.
Our director, plane director, is the, you know, I
was supervised by the assistant city manager, who
is, again, supervised by the city manager. So
that's the order. City manager, assistant city
manager, plane department, and ourselves. But
again, we relay the record to these two boards and
our responsibility to them. If they are
requesting certain studies or something, they
can request it. They don't have to go to the city
manager and request the city manager to . They go
straight to you. Yeah,
. OK. Let's go back to question number nine. How
many professional planners does your city employ
now? And could you please break them up into their
groups? Actually, we have generally two
sections. One, again, is the advanced planning,
which is more involved with comprehensive
planning and urban design. And we have the other
section, which is implementation planning,
which is more involved with federal programs such
as Community Development Block Grant, UDAGS. I
can't even think of this other program called It's
a jobs program that they have. I couldn't think of
the name of it. But they're more related to social
programs and implementation programs from an
economic point of view and jobs programs. Whereas
the other department, the advanced planning, has
to do with it. No, they're the same section. This is
the planning department. We have two sections.
One would be the advanced planning. And advanced
planning would be more of the physical aspects?
Yeah, the comprehensive
planning part. In our section, advanced
planning, we have approximately, let's say, six,
seven, 10 people,
I'm going
to say 11
people
involved with comprehensive planning. That
includes transportation planners, two
transportation planners, six or seven
comprehensive planners, and of course, one
assistant director, and of course, the general
director. On the other side, with the
implementation planners, they're talking down
the data services section. housing section and
economic
section. Housing
and
economic section and then they have the jobs
section. The jobs section has three people and
they're involved with developing programs in
terms of the federal funds that are used for jobs
and they're working on programs in that aspect of
it. The other section is more involved with
housing
and redevelopment, economic redevelopment of
areas. They have approximately, let's see, they
have six people working for them. Of course, data
services, they have about six people working for
them. And basically, data services involve
crunching numbers. OK. What relation, going back
to question number 10, I don't think we've hit upon
your relationship to the legislative body, if
any, and also to citizens groups besides at the
planning
commission meetings. Our relationship with the
legislative body is really, in terms of
technical, We are at their meetings, and if
there's any questions in terms of some of the
reports that we have put together, we answer them.
They really deal directly with the city manager,
the city council. In terms of citizen groups, like
I said before, we set up this sector planning
process. We do have different committees in these
sectors. Our responsibility is to meet with them
on a monthly basis, ones that are active. Not all of
them are active. And we go out there and show them
what zoning cases are coming about, what plans are
happening, to keep them up to date with what's
going on. to make them aware of what the situation
is in terms of the market. And also if there's
special studies to be done or there's a request for
special studies, and again it comes back to our
director from these citizen groups, and then we go
ahead and either do the study or whatever the end of
it is. That's really the basic relationship.
They're basically a group that we work with as the
committees, sector committees, sector
councils. So, in effect, they're almost like
miniature planning and zoning commissions, not
having the... They don't have the authority. We
don't try to make them to have the authority. It's
more in terms of infiling them what's going on. And
there's many times that we're on a different side
of the fence than they are. There's a number of
times that we're on the same side of the fence as the
developer. Because they have their local
interests and you try to incorporate the city's
interests. Right. And we looked at it from a
planner standpoint which generally in some cases
is different than a lot of the citizens because
really I think if the citizens had their right
they'd want everything to be single family. They
wouldn't want change but I mean, that's what
planning's all about in development, is change.
Okay, there was a city fair or exposition that you
mentioned. The city fair, I think, was in the early
30s. It was promoted by Anglin Carter, which is a
well-known individual of the community that had
plenty of money and helped to initiate a lot of This
city fair took place generally in what is now
called the Will Rogers Coliseum area, which
includes a number of museums such as the Amon
Carter Museum, the Fort Worth Art Museum, the
Kimball Art Museum. Also Casa Manana is located in
that area. So it really sort of was the basis and
stimulated that particular area in terms of
arts and culture. Okay. How did the development of
the city charter play a role in the planning
history and or any of the changes some of the
changes uh city of fort worth basically have a
cumulative type ordinance where generally if you
have a zone a heavier zone such as commercial or
industrial you can accumulate all the other zones
in it such as I could put a single-family in a
commercial area, or I could put a multi-family in a
commercial area, or I could put a commercial area
in an industrial area. And what we went through
about two years ago was the review of the city
ordinance to try to make certain
recommendations, again, to the zoning
commission, which in turn made it their
recommendations
to city council
in terms of changes. And the thing that we were
trying to get away from was to eliminate the
accumulative aspects of our zoning ordinance. It
did pass, but only in terms of a moratorium until
1987. It'll happen then. In other words, if he had
property right now, up until 1987, he just took and
did all these things to it. But after 1987, then it
doesn't matter what your property is. Once it's
zoned, that's the way it's going to be. Was there
any particular reason why 87 was chosen? No. It's a
political reason. I mean, it was just a compromise
for what the zoning task force
wanted was which was the group body again we had
people from different departments city
departments on there and also had some private
citizens on there what we wanted to do was to really
not just go ahead and do it right away but through
the political process and the pressures from the
development industry, they got it
to get it to extend
that, so. Okay. That basically was the reason for
that. All right. And I am the current staff. Okay,
Mr. Mountsvice, what has been the role of outside
consultants in the city planning in Fort Worth?
Okay, since I've been here in the last three years,
we've done the A downtown plan by a consultant was
costing $128,000. This was done at Johnson
Johnson in Roy. Previously, most of our downtown
plans were done by outside consultants in the
early 70s. I would
say in terms of the downtown, the outside
consultants have had a major influence
on the development of the community and the growth
of the downtown area. is what is the current status
of planning in your city? We are in the process. We
just completed what we call the sector planning to
update our comprehensive plan. But we're also
extending to what we call our district areas,
which is more of the of the
community,
and it's the area that includes the ETJ,
the Charitable Jurisdiction, and City Limits,
one and the same. I mean, not one and the same, but it
includes both those areas. And it's more of the
areas that are newly developing. And what we're
trying to do is, again, develop a comprehensive
plan of the area. So we can combine that with the
second plan and have an overall comprehensive
plan for the community. We're
doing that a
little differently, but we're looking at each
particular
area and trying to come up with more or less highest
and best use, but also have category
of uses for a particular area, rather than saying
that it should be only used for one particular
purpose. We're in the process of doing all that
now. And you've mentioned some political
influences affecting planning in the community.
Can you categorize that? Well, I say politically
from a standpoint that generally, The comments
that are
made by our staff in terms of zoning requests and
changes are not adhered to that closely, and I
would think generally
politically, the reason is the political
influence that is happening to the city council
and also probably to the zoning commission. In
fact, the zoning commission here about a year ago
much more pro the government.
They pretty well rubber-stamped everything. But
here lately, with new changes to the board, it has
improved. So we're seeing much more, how shall I
say, they're relating more to what we're talking
about in our staff comments. So I think it's
better. I think it's for the better. And also, what
has changed in this area, is going
from an overall city voting for the politicians to
districts. We've broken up the districts.
We have eight districts. And the mayor is at large,
so it sort of gives a little
more individual
pressure for each of these districts so they all
have
their counseling. Basically the ethnic
breakdown is two blacks, one Mexican-American,
and the other is a... Caucasian. Caucasian,
right. They're all Caucasians, but you hate to say
black. But they're not . OK. Generally,
that's really the right kind of thing. OK. Have
those, what did you just call it, those districts,
are they established on the same boundaries as the
sectors for your planning? OK. The only reason
that the boundaries of the sectors are generally
made up from the same kind of . neighborhood,
census tracts areas, major elements that would
make a major barrier.
It was more for a planning purpose than anything
else. Well, we've touched upon the ethnic
influences. Can you expand upon those influences
on planning in the community? The only thing I can,
let's see.
Such as possibly the influx of, or the immigration
of Mexicans or Asians in the early years. Well, of
course, yeah, we see a lot of that, but again, these
are really more in the, what we call the port areas
of the community, and generally it's just... It
hasn't been a major problem or anything, but you
can see and there's a lot of feedback from the
community that there's a difference going on. You
can see the changing time in the area in terms of the
influx of this group, different ethnic groups.
But generally
that's about it. There hasn't been any major
influence by them to develop a particular history
or anything of this nature at this time. So when
people think of Fort Worth, they don't think of
maybe like a little Italy or Chinatown or
something like that? It's mostly... The only
thing I can think of over the north side would be the
Mexican-American side. And what we
call the southeast area, which is the black area of
the community, but that's generally it. Other
than that, these new groups haven't had any
influence at all as of yet. They probably will. And
the only influence on planning would be the
subsequent, maybe a different economic status in
those areas or something? Right. Okay, not
because of their beliefs or... Right, right.
Okay. How about the military influence,
especially like with Carswell Air Force Base?
That's one of the major industries, Carswell, and
also GD, General Dynamics, and they're one of the
largest... In part in the community
and of course Bell Helicopter, which is, as it
plans, it's not in
for work, but it's in heavy influence also. The
military has had, I would say, in terms of
development of the community, growth of the
community. There's been a problem with the
Carswell Air Force Base, that is, with growth and
the noise from the jet planes and so forth
that's causing
problems. It really has influenced our plan for
that area in that we feel a lot of the areas that are
hard of crest and are adjacent to the base, we
generally see more of a, hopefully an industrial
type use because of the noise factor and the
residential use. That's the plan. OK. How about on
the influence of the loop with 280? Has that
controlled growth at all? Yeah. And what we are
seeing is that in terms of zoning requests, major
influences around the major intersections of
what we call the loop and also the east, west,
north, south, freeway system uh where these
things converge is generally where we see a higher
development intensity a lot of what we call g zones
which is really high rise type development we see
in those areas so what it's going to do which is good
it's going to develop loads around those major
intersections which over a period of time could
become if the density of the community was to
increase later years could be uh Transportation,
though, could be linked to each of those little
nodes to the downtown area. OK, how about with
Texas Christian University? Has that made any
impact on the planning for the city? No, it hasn't.
We've worked pretty well with TCU, and they've
expanded their university somewhat, and they do
have to pay. There is some problem there with the
residential area, but we are working with the
city, the citizens, and also with
TCE to try to develop some kind of a system where
they would have a master plan, and they wouldn't
influence the area too much. But that influence is
there. You can see that some problems wouldn't
work. OK. The one that I wanted to bring up The Texas
West London Colleges, which is just part of some
land out now, ETJ, it has been annexed. They have a
complete new campus in the area. And the old campus
is basically in an older part of the community
called the Polytechnic area, which is a mixture of
blacks and whites. Now, that was the area that was
generally white, but back in the 50s, you know,
what they called a pipe fight. People were moving
out of the center city. That was one of the areas
that was really hidden, and a lot of people moved
out of that area. And so
some of the blacks moved
into there. So now you have a black and white
mixture, which there's no problem. The problem is
that with the new campus for TWC, the dilemma is
what to do with the old campus. And there have been
some discussions in the papers about the Stephen
F. Austin College having up here developing
courses
to have what they call a window to the Metroplex,
which will be good because it will hopefully keep
the area a little more viable. But that campus does
influence that area, but not to a major extent. You
know what I'm saying? A little in terms of
commercial use, but other than that, it really
doesn't. All right. Speaking of other inner city
influences, how about the affluent area around
colonial country club and all? Does that have a
major effect on your planning at all? How did that
area begin? I can tell you generally how. Well, I
would say the way it began. I'm just speculating,
but I'm saying just the areas that people
would allow money to develop the area, and that's
just the hard way it could be. The other thing is,
There was, at one time, the west of the downtown
called the Arlington Heights area. At one time,
it's called, it has a major street down there, it's
called Camp Bowie Boulevard, which is very,
historically very significant. Actually, that
area was where supposedly It was called Camp Bull
because that's where the camp was for
the military back in the early days. But the thing
is that is one of the areas that has really came up in
terms of cost of property and maybe so we started to
in place to be because it has access to the cultural
district, it has good access to the major park
system that we have, it has access to the river, you
know. So it has all these inputs on it and it really
has had a major impact in
terms of the cost of the presidential unit down
there. But that's generally the only area. OK. How
have you considered the Trinity River in your
planning? Have there been any problems as far as
flooding? No. They have a levee. It's controlled
by our local water control
board. It is used
quite extensively by people who have biking
trails along it and also have hiking trails. It's
used quite a bit for jogging and so forth. It's
really become a major element of the community and
it's been utilized. How about the influence of
Dallas-Fort Worth Airport? Has there been much of
an impact on Fort Worth? Yeah, I think generally
the impact has been in terms of
the people in the downtown hoping for future
development. There's been a major office
development in the downtown. I can't remember off
the top of my head, I can't say how many square feet,
but it's double the square footage that was here
before 19... So
I
think
everybody's hoping or banking
on the idea of the influence of the Dallas-Fort
Worth airport that we'll have in the downtown in
terms of the financial maintenance and audits
area. The problem with the city of Fort Worth is
that we really don't have like a northeast section
of the community. That's different. That begins
to be made up of different cities. We have one
that's adjacent to Fort Worth, it's Hawthorne
City, and then we have North Richland Hills, and
then you have Bedford, Collierville, and then you
have Euless, and then you have the airport. Those,
I would say if anybody has benefited, those
communities between Fort Worth and the airport
probably benefited more than we have. But, you
know, we would have, had we had this quadrant in
here, I think it would have been a major influence.
Okay, where do you foresee growth in Fort Worth
right now? Well, right now, we see a heck of a lot of
growth. Actually, north, what we call them,
Northeast area, or what we call Summerfield area
up here, part of Little Bay 20 and east of I-35.
There's a major development down here.
Okay, and so the growth is mainly to the north?
Okay, the other growth is in the southwest area,
which is east of, I mean west of Little Bay. of I-35
and south of Loop 820. Generally, that's been the
growth. There's quite a number of proposals and
zoning changes to the east, but one of the big
influences here is going to be what we call the Fort
Worth-Dallas Turnpike, which is I-30 going to
Dallas. getting access on two areas where there
wasn't access previously. So what that has caused
is major changes in terms of zoning requests along
that corridor going to Dow, so I wouldn't see a
major development in that area in the future. So
the three areas would be what we call south of the
Wedgwood, and the Summerfields area, and what we
call the Bentley Village area. Okay, what would
you say would be the reasons for the growth in the
south of Wedgwood and the Ridgefield area? The
Wedgwood area, that's weird. I can't understand.
There's no job market down there. The only job
market is... There's a Carswell Air Force Base up
here, but hell, it's a hell of a way to get up there.
But I just think it's just the area that people
wanted to be down there. I can't understand. The
open space. There is an industrial development
out along I-35, but there's nothing. There's not
that much to house all those people, so I don't
really tell you where those people are going or
where they're working. In fact, it's really more
of a problem because, again, we did our study on
Southwest Freeway, and if anything, the road
conditions are going to get worse before they ever
get better. If we ever see that Southwest Freeway
coming along, we'll probably talk to anybody from
seven to ten years from now. And by that time, man,
you're going to have real traffic problems there.
So I don't understand why would people want to go
down there and live. Now the other area, which is
the Summerfields area, is a good area because you
have good access to the freeway system. Just
driving time, I'm not saying getting out of your
car and parking and walking to where you want to go,
but driving time to downtown Fort Worth is, you
know, 15 minutes, 20 minutes. Maybe to Dallas
downtown, and I'm saying just on a general day, I'm
not saying during morning traffic, is no more than
40 minutes. So convenience has caused that. I
think in course of development of the the
Dallas-Fort Worth Airport. Also, there's Las
Colinas, which is located adjacent to
Dallas-Fort Worth. It's going to be a big market
for employment. So that has spurred a lot of
development over here. That's why I can't see this
development in Wedgwood. I don't understand it. I
just don't understand how people want to move
there. If anything, it should either be all over
here or even in the Meadowbrook area. Now, the
Meadowbrook area is changing, but it's not
happening as fast as the other areas. We are having
a lot of important development moments. what we
call East Chase Parkway, which has just gotten
access to I-30, and then we're going to have
another one about a mile away, which would be
Cook's Lane. So those are two good access points.
And there are going to be some major changes in
those areas in terms of the connection between
Loop A-20 and I-30. So now you can't get from I-30 to
Loop A-20 without... coming off the freeway and
going on the French Road and then coming back and
then coming home. So it's a real hassle. Do you
foresee a continuation of the loop? Yeah. Down to
about this, you're talking about? Yes. All the way
down to 35. This is tied back like this. You mean the
southwest freeway you're talking about? Yes.
Where are they pointing at? Right there. Oh, OK.
No, it'll just come back this way. It'll come back
this way. So you get a complete loop here. All
right. One other big influence. In reference to
transportation, there might be also another
development going on in that we would probably
like to do, and we're going to look at this in our
district planning, try to tie in with the loop off
of, now this would be a long range plan, but loop 635
here that ties in with our loop 820, we might want to
try to tie in with that loop, which is called North
Dallas, where you have all the gallery and all the
traffic problems. What's happening is if we tie in
with this 635, we could bring that over and tie back
in to our loop 820. So in essence, you could have
access, you know, to the north side of
Dallas-Wilworth plus also the north side of, I
mean, Dallas-Wilworth Airport plus the north
side of Dallas. Who would be responsible for
forming a plan like that? We would be. The North
Texas Council of Governments? We would be working
with them. We'd develop a plan for our ETJ area.
We'd try to work with all these other different
municipalities and try to develop a corridor to
these so we could hopefully implement that plan
for the future. So there is no area-wide
planning agency that would consider all of these
regional aspects? All right. What has been Fort
Worth's relationship, since you've been here,
with the city of Dallas? Traditionally, there's
been a rivalry. Is that still existent? No. In
fact, we just got Clark Grant, or in the process of
getting Grant, to develop the railroad. There's a
railroad going from downtown Fort Worth to
Dallas. I'm trying to remember what the name was.
You can talk to my transportation plan.
Or
the railroad, so we'd have access from downtown
Fort Worth to downtown Dallas. Via railroad.
Via railroad, and that, I'm trying to think of the
name of it. I don't know. So that's just a plan on...
Well, no, it's going to, it'll happen. I mean,
initially we're buying up the railroad. I mean,
just buying up the right-of-way. Will that be a
railroad for transportation of the public? Yeah,
a commuter. Oh, a commuter, okay. A commuter
from Dallas. I don't think that round comes. So
Dallas and Fort Worth are definitely working
together these days.